Week4 snippets (#16)
UWRealityLab/xrcapstone22wi-team8: docs/content/en/snippets/week4.md

---
title: "Week 4 Snippet"
date: 2022-02-04T15:03:10-08:00
draft: true
# The following are extra (optional) metadata for ananke
# tags: ["tag1", "tag2"]
featured_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1531403009284-440f080d1e12?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2340&q=80"
author: "Kyle Zhang"
description: "Hello Midterm"
---

Team members work on their milestone towards the MVP next week.

<!--more-->

## New Features/Functionalities

- Brushes with size adjustment
- Eraser
- 3D Object Translation
- 3D Object Sclaing

## Review Requests

> - Nothing for now.

Reviewer: I think https://github.com/UWRealityLab/xrcapstone22wi-team8/pull/14 should be ready for review? Or are we waiting for it to be merged first?

## Blocking Issues

> - No blocker for now. All issues have possible solutions to try.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No blocker for now. Integration with Firebase is taking a little longer than expected but has possible solutions to try.
```
